1.MEMBERSHIP

The membership/usage of the Website/App is restricted to those above 18 years of age, or to such group that can be termed to have attained 'majority' under the laws of the respective jurisdictions where this Website/App can be seen and is accessible or to emancipated minors, who possess legal parental or guardian consent, or are in a position so as to be fully able and competent to enter into the terms, conditions, obligations, affirmations, representations, and warranties set forth in these Terms of Service, and to abide by and comply with these Terms of Service.

Membership cannot be availed of by those who are deemed Incompetent to Contract under the Indian Contract Act, 1872 subject to the aforementioned conditions.

Further, you are solely responsible for protecting the confidentiality of your username and password and any activity under the account will be deemed to have been done by you. In the case that you provide us with false and inaccurate details or the Company has reasonable reasons to believe you have done so, we hold the rights to suspend your account and/or terminate this Agreement without any notice and without being held liable for the same.

2. PRIVACY POLICY:

2.1 Your personally identifiable information will be used in accordance with our Privacy Policy. To understand our practices, as to how we collect, use and disclose your personally identifiable information, please refer our Privacy Policy, which also governs your visit to Netmeds.com.

2.2 We understand the privacy of all information you provide is of a primary importance. This is why we do everything possible to use it carefully and sensibly. This information is never shared with other companies or third party service providers.

3. COMMUNICATIONS

By using this Website/App, it is deemed that you have consented to receiving calls, auto-dialled and/or pre-recorded messages or calls, from us at any time with the use of the telephone number that has been provided by you for the use of this Website/App, subject to the Privacy Policy. This includes contacting you through information received through other parties as well as contacting other parties through the information you provide to us. By using this Website/App, you—who has placed orders with us, or has only signed up, or submitted your personal details in any of our forms—also consent to receive transactional and/or promotional emails/SMSs from us at any time we deem fit. This consent to be contacted is for purposes that include and are not limited to clarification calls and marketing and promotional calls. In case you wish to stop the contact with us for the same, you may send us a mail to the effect at medplus.cust@gmail.com.

You may also be contacted by Service Providers with whom we have entered into a contract in furtherance of our rights, duties and obligations under other agreements, contracts and policies followed by us. Such contact will be made only in pursuance of the respective contracts, agreements and/or policies.

The sharing of the information provided by you will be governed by the Privacy Policy. We will not give out your contact information to third parties not connected with the Website/App and the services offered by it, and/or for any purpose not in furtherance of the activities and aims of the Company. Please refer to the 'Privacy Policy' for more information.